---
author: jock
---
* Bug fixing
* Play-testing
* Twit-dev?

Sunday was spent fixing bugs, play-testing and then experimenting with a lit forge animation. The animation suggested forges should have a bellows as part of the workshop. On Monday I continued with bug-fixing and quality of life fixes.

With contracting and some other work, I didn't get back to the Dwergs until the weekend. I added a war hammer weapon on Friday and stored hazardous locations in save-games on Saturday. 

On Saturday evening I did some play-testing and there was a brief moment when I was actually having fun! The beginnings of some gameplay in figuring out the size of a cavern by mining around it and deciding whether or not to open it up given how well equipped the Dwergs are. There needs to be a bit of explanation in the tutorial to warn the player that the caverns are dangerous and hint that larger caverns are more dangerous.

I applied for a Twitter developer account with the idea of running a game where the Dwergs tweet their stories. When you apply for a Twitter developer account you have to explain what it is that you are going to do. Once you fill that in they send you an email ... asking you the exact same questions. Twits. A bit of marketing but not something I want to get into right now.

Despite having fun on Saturday there were a small number of new bugs but a larger number of tweaks I want to make to the controls and tools. For the next week I will continue with bug-fixing and improvements.
